I see which of you dares to move
I heard that Brother Qi Zhou is the adopted daughter of Ye's richest man
Also from the bottom
So I hate barefoot donkey meat
Then what are you doing?
Talk to someone else
Let go
Boy I warn you
Wait a minute I'm going to talk nonsense
Tell you too
I let you walk around
I have seen Mr. Qin, I have seen Mr. Qin
Today is the inheritance ceremony for the richest man in the building
Who is making noise here?
Mr. Qin, I'm teaching a stinky security guard a lesson
Ah, right.
Mr. Qin is just a useless man, not worth mentioning
Don't take it to heart.
Mr. Qin was downstairs in the company yesterday
Our emperor bumped into you?
He has no eyes
Please don't mind.
Who are you talking about now?
I said my useless
My ex-husband, Mr. Qin
Just an inferior person doesn't need to care
He just slandered us for abusing children
Isn't this nonsense?
Everyone can testify, right?
Yes I can testify
This kid is here to wreak havoc
Attempt to sabotage the signing ceremony
I won't testify either
He's making something out of nothing.
You know
Who is he?
If the young master is late
Please forgive the young master
Please forgive me, young master
Young Master
Young Master Young Master